
		The Ingres ® Enterprise Relational Database


  What is Ingres?
  ---------------

  Ingres ®, from Ingres Corporation, is a proven, high-performance
  relational database solution that offers the scalability, integration
  and flexibility to leverage information resources across a wide
  range of platforms, including Linux, UNIX, Windows and OpenVMS.
  Reliable and cost effective, it supports mission-critical applications
  in Small to Medium Businesses and high volume deployments in large
  scale enterprises.


  What is included in the open source release?
  --------------------------------------------

  Ingres Corporation has contributed the Ingres database management system; its
  associated database administration tools; language precompilers;
  character-based querying, reporting and application development tools;
  the connectivity components (including ODBC and JDBC connectivity, and
  the .NET Data Provider for Windows); the Ingres distributed database
  components; Ingres ® Replicator; the web deployment option; and
  transaction monitors.


  Versions
  --------

  The open source version of Ingres is being made available for the
  Ingres r3 and later releases; earlier product releases (e.g. Advantage
  Ingres release 2.6) are not included in this program.  For information
  regarding downloading the latest version of Ingres, please see
  http://www.ingres.com/.


  Documentation
  -------------

  Ingres documentation, in Portable Document Format (PDF) format, is
  available in this build tree in the src/tools/techpub/pdf directory.
  Platform specific notes can be found in the src/tools/techpub/genrn
  directory.


  Installation
  ------------

  Ingres is renowned for its ease of installation and administration.
  It can also be compiled quickly and easily on Linux with the standard
  GNU toolset and the Jam build tool, as well as on Windows using the Jam
  build tool.  Please see the file named INSTALL (Linux) or INSTALL.WIN
  (Windows) for further details.


  Licensing
  ---------

  Please see the file named LICENSE.


  Contacting Ingres Corporation
  ------------------------------

  For further information please see http://www.ingres.com/. Topics
  discussed there include:

     o Contacting Ingres Corporation regarding Ingres and other open
       source initiatives

     o Frequently Asked Questions

     o Licensing

     o Submitting code changes back to Ingres Corporation

     o Subscribing to open source news and announcements from Ingres

     o Press releases

     o Related solutions

